[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: What we are going to
do first is actually look at a few things
that you could use other than Express.
And over the next couple days,
as we introduce technology in this stack,
I'll try to talk about some of
the other choices that are out there.
Because again, I think one of the
strengths of the Node ecosystem is there
are a million ways to do everything.
While at the same time,
a weakness of the Node ecosystem is that
there are a million ways to do everything.
So I will try to cover some of
the other things that you can use.
Hapi is another framework which is
focused on creating a server-side APIs.
Although it can do server-side
HTML rendering just like any other
framework out there.
It's used in a lot of popular
Node web applications.
It has a lot more features than Express,
a lot more behavior out of the box.
Which can be a good or a bad thing,
depending on how you look at it.
But it's another mature,
robust framework out there that's
definitely worth your consideration.
On the sort of the furthest end
of the spectrum from Express is
a framework called Sails.
Which strives to be sort of a full stack
framework in the tradition of Ruby
on Rails.
So it provides its own ORM,
its own configuration system,
and sort of tries to pack in all of
the things that you probably need for
a dynamic web application
into the same package.
And it's pretty okay,
I know a few people who have used it.
And if more of a full stack
framework appeals to you,
it's definitely worth checking out.
The caveat that I'll put out there
which is, again in my old age,
the way I choose software is essentially,
I'm like, how well it's documented.
Like how much effort do I have to
expend to do something useful with this
piece of software?
And Sails is documented okay, but
the thing that's kind of a bummer is like
you don't find a lot of resources for it.
Like there aren't a lot of people writing
Sails tutorials, or sample applications,
and that sort of thing.
So you'll find yourself in the wilderness
quite a lot when you're using Sails.
The other one that I would throw out
there, which is sort of a forward-looking
framework built by some of the same
people who built Express, is called Koa.
And Koa had, in the past,
you created a generator-based API for
serving HTTP requests.
They're now moving towards like
fully embracing promises and
the new async/await syntax that's
emerging in newer versions of JavaScript.
But it's definitely
a bleeding-edge-type thing.
And again,
cuz I'm a crusty old man like that,
that bleeding-edge stuff gets old for
me pretty fast.
But it's definitely a cool one
that's worth monitoring that.
Could definitely pick up steam, so.